some traits that I'll look for when I have new team members show up is
Ah is their ability to be kind of freethinkers outside the box thinkers
innovative and adaptive. Those are the things that not only were
looking for in the community, but in Navy and the forces a hole. We
need more individuals to kind of think outside the box. So that's
the first thing that I'm kind of looking for us. Is this person able
to act independently because if they're able to act independently,
then that means that's less work that I have to be doing with them all
the time. And I can focus my efforts on other things that maybe need
my attention as opposed to them. So that would be one of kind of
the first things that I'm looking for on then also just their ability
to fit into the team. So not only do they need to be, you know, kind
of a good cognisant individual, but do they play well and are they
going to give us a good build for the team as well?